hello welcome to another tuto Tuesday are
leonardo pérez grandson and I have a
news art fun now has a
blog I invite you to visit it because
there I will be putting information
like in which I was inspired to be this
artwork or the list of materials and
things of interest the link is here
down
today I'm going to draw a rose that I like
you want to get out of paper
Start by tracing stems and leaves
of the three roses that I'm going to draw
the first rose is going to be almost a button and
will have petals on both sides
the second one will be similar but with
its petals as spiral one on the
other
I put some small leaves in the base
i
and the third one is going to be a little bit more
open and turned towards us
detailed the leaves
now I start to shadow the parts that
they are further back or further in they go more
dark
and blurred what I did with a brush
soft as I left some spots
cleaned them with a moldable eraser
after the edges of a sheet of paper in
Where are the roses going to be?
the middle one paper but not exceeding
the other then I do a little more
chaparrita
I'm going to try to have the middle one
certain volume that looks like it
is coming out of the paper while the
two others are simply going to be
traced
I also make shadows to my sheet of
fictional paper to make it look more real
with some shadows something strong should
start to stand out
now lit the background
He passed him a cotton to blur what
I also get on the paper to give it a
slight tone
delineated the edge a little better and I give it
some shadows to highlight points
specific in this case as if the
paper were getting up
and with the draft I take out lights to give the
illusion that the paper is wavy
I'm going to outline the line so that it looks
best
took out some more lights
This shadow did not like me that much
I'm going to erase it
Y
I decided to put another two sheets and one
smallest shadow
do not
the BOM can
find on the blog
to
the stem I need to look more like a
cylinder so I work in that
Y
tuned the last details and ready me
I would love to know what you thought
you know what to do , you know where
follow me already know where are the
links and you know when we see each other bye